in the cold winter rain a picture of
misery and death in Northern
Gaza it's the body of a girl killed in
an Israeli attack on jabalia she was
found but there are many still trapped
under the rubble in the
rain ambulances are stuck on flooded
streets but rescue workers of Gaza are
still carrying on Israel's total
blockade and attacks have pulverized
gaza's already broken SE system and now
the streets are churning the decay of
War these makeshift tents too offer
little protection for tens of thousands
of Palestinians struggling to stay dry
and
warm we got drenched inside the tent and
I don't know where to put the children
water flooded the tent I wrapped the
children in blankets and came here I
don't know what to do because of the
rain where to
go there is no no drinking water so
families are collecting rain water to
drink food medicine and fuel are all
running low for many who had to escape
Israel's Onslaught with just clothes on
their backs there are no blankets no
mattresses just the looming threat of
disease and
starvation what is the fault of this
child who was born in a tent in war
there are no clothes for her no food or
drink the children here cry for moral of
bread I appeal to the world those who
have a conscience to save us from what
we are in and return to our homes Israel
has ignored calls for a ceasefire with
indication that its assault on Gaza
could last for months and so would the
collective punishment of Palestinians in
this winter of
War make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer